[All hosts](security) Add steps on how to use 2 app registrations (#3469)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/create-sso-office-add-ins-nodejs.md

This article walks you through the process of enabling single sign-on (SSO) in an add-in that is built with Node.js and Express. For a similar article about an ASP.NET-based add-in, see [Create an ASP.NET Office Add-in that uses single sign-on](create-sso-office-add-ins-aspnet.md).

## Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (the latest [LTS](https://nodejs.org/about/releases) version)

- [Git Bash](https://git-scm.com/downloads) (or another git client)

- TypeScript, version 3.6.2 or later

[!include[additional prerequisites](../includes/sso-tutorial-prereqs.md)]

> - A code editor. We recommend Visual Studio Code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A code editor - we recommend Visual Studio Code
```

> - At least a few files and folders stored on OneDrive for Business in your Microsoft 365 subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- At least a few files and folders stored on OneDrive for Business in your Microsoft 365 subscription
```

1. Select **New registration**. On the **Register an application** page, set the values as follows.

   - Set **Name** to `Office-Add-in-NodeJS-SSO`.
   - Set **Supported account types** to **Accounts in any organizational directory (Any Azure AD directory - Multitenant) and personal Microsoft accounts (e.g. Skype, Xbox).**.
   - Set the application type to **Single-page application (SPA)** and then set **Redirect URI** to `https://localhost:44355/dialog.html`.
   - Choose **Register**.

   > [!NOTE]
   > The SPA application type is only used when the client uses MSAL for fallback authentication.

1. On the **Office-Add-in-NodeJS-SSO** page, copy and save the values for the **Application (client) ID** and the **Directory (tenant) ID**. You'll use both of them in later procedures.

   > [!NOTE]
   > This **Application (client) ID** is the "audience" value when other applications, such as the Office client application (e.g., PowerPoint, Word, Excel), seek authorized access to the application. It is also the "client ID" of the application when it, in turn, seeks authorized access to Microsoft Graph.

> 1. Select **Authentication** under **Manage**. In the **Implicit grant and hybrid flows** section, enable the checkboxes for both **Access token** and **ID token**. The sample uses Microsoft Authentication Library (MSAL) for fallback authentication when SSO is not available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under **Manage**, select **Authentication**. In the **Implicit grant and hybrid flows** section, enable the checkboxes for both **Access token** and **ID token**. The sample uses Microsoft Authentication Library (MSAL) for fallback authentication when SSO isn't available.
```

1. Select **Save**.

> 1. Select **Certificates & secrets** under **Manage**. Select the **New client secret** button. Enter a value for **Description** then select an appropriate option for **Expires** and choose **Add**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under **Manage**, select **Certificates & secrets**. Select the **New client secret** button. Enter a value for **Description**, then select an appropriate option for **Expires**, and choose **Add**.
```

   The web application uses the client secret **Value** to prove its identity when it requests tokens. _Record this value for use in a later step - it's shown only once._

1. Select **Expose an API** under **Manage**. Select the **Set** link. This will generate the Application ID URI in the form "api://$App ID GUID$", where $App ID GUID$ is the **Application (client) ID**.

> 1. In the generated ID, insert `localhost:44355/` (note the forward slash "/" appended to the end) between the double forward slashes and the GUID. When you are finished, the entire ID should have the form `api://localhost:44355/$App ID GUID$`; for example `api://localhost:44355/c6c1f32b-5e55-4997-881a-753cc1d563b7`. Select **Save**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the generated ID, insert `localhost:44355/` (be sure to append the forward slash "/" to the end) between the double forward slashes and the GUID. When you're finished, the entire ID should have the form `api://localhost:44355/$App ID GUID$`; for example `api://localhost:44355/c6c1f32b-5e55-4997-881a-753cc1d563b7`. Select **Save**.
```

1. Select the **Add a scope** button. In the panel that opens, enter `access_as_user` as the **Scope** name.

1. Set **Who can consent?** to **Admins and users**.

1. Fill in the fields for configuring the admin and user consent prompts with values that are appropriate for the `access_as_user` scope which enables the Office client application to use your add-in's web APIs with the same rights as the current user. Suggestions:

   - **Admin consent display name**: Office can act as the user.
   - **Admin consent description**: Enable Office to call the add-in's web APIs with the same rights as the current user.
   - **User consent display name**: Office can act as you.
   - **User consent description**: Enable Office to call the add-in's web APIs with the same rights that you have.

1. Ensure that **State** is set to **Enabled**.

> 1. Select **Add scope** .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **Add scope**.
```

   > [!NOTE]
   > The domain part of the **Scope** name displayed just below the text field should automatically match the Application ID URI that you set earlier, with `/access_as_user` appended to the end; for example, `api://localhost:6789/c6c1f32b-5e55-4997-881a-753cc1d563b7/access_as_user`.

1. In the **Authorized client applications** section, enter the following ID to pre-authorize all Microsoft Office application endpoints.

   - `ea5a67f6-b6f3-4338-b240-c655ddc3cc8e` (All Microsoft Office application endpoints)

   > [!NOTE]

>    > The `ea5a67f6-b6f3-4338-b240-c655ddc3cc8e` ID pre-authorizes all Microsoft Office application endpoints. It is also required if you want to support Microsoft accounts (MSA) on Office on Windows and Mac. Alternatively, you can enter a proper subset of the following IDs if for any reason you want to deny authorization to Office on some platforms. Just leave out the IDs of the platforms from which you want to withhold authorization. Users of your add-in on those platforms will not be able to call your Web APIs, but other functionality in your add-in will still work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > The `ea5a67f6-b6f3-4338-b240-c655ddc3cc8e` ID pre-authorizes all Microsoft Office application endpoints. It's also required if you want to support Microsoft accounts (MSA) on Office on Windows and Mac. Alternatively, you can enter a proper subset of the following IDs if for any reason you want to deny authorization to Office on some platforms. Just leave out the IDs of the platforms from which you want to withhold authorization. Users of your add-in on those platforms will not be able to call your Web APIs, but other functionality in your add-in will still work.
```

   >
   > - `d3590ed6-52b3-4102-aeff-aad2292ab01c` (Microsoft Office)
   > - `93d53678-613d-4013-afc1-62e9e444a0a5` (Office on the web)
   > - `bc59ab01-8403-45c6-8796-ac3ef710b3e3` (Outlook on the web)

> 1. Select **Add a client application** button and then, in the panel that opens, set the Client ID to the respective GUID from the previous step, and then check the box for `api://localhost:44355/$app-id-guid$/access_as_user`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **Add a client application** button. In the panel that opens, set the Client ID to the respective GUID from the previous step, and then check the box for `api://localhost:44355/$app-id-guid$/access_as_user`.
```

1. Select **Add application**.

> 1. Select **API permissions** under **Manage** and select **Add a permission**. On the panel that opens, choose **Microsoft Graph** and then choose **Delegated permissions**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under **Manage**, select **API permissions** and select **Add a permission**. On the panel that opens, choose **Microsoft Graph** and then choose **Delegated permissions**.
```

> 1. Use the **Select permissions** search box to search for the permissions your add-in needs. Select the following. Only the first is really required by your add-in itself; but the `profile` permission is required for the Office application to get a token to your add-in web application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the **Select permissions** search box to search for the permissions your add-in needs. Only the first is really required by your add-in itself; but the `profile` permission is required for the Office application to get a token to your add-in web application. Select the following. 
```

   - Files.Read
   - **profile** Required for the Office application to get a token to your add-in web application.

   > [!NOTE]

>    > The `User.Read` permission may already be listed by default. It is a good practice not to ask for permissions that are not needed, so we recommend that you uncheck the box for this permission if your add-in does not actually need it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > The `User.Read` permission may already be listed by default. It's a good practice not to ask for permissions that are not needed, so we recommend that you uncheck the box for this permission if your add-in doesn't actually need it.
```

1. Run the command `npm run install-dev-certs`. Select **Yes** to the prompt to install the certificate.

## Register the add-in's middle-tier web server with Azure AD v2.0 endpoint

> You need to create an app registration in Azure that represents your web server's middle tier. This will enable authentication support so that proper access tokens can be issued to the client code in JavaScript.

Reviewer 2: Could you add a sentence here explaining what a middle-tier web server is, and why it's needed? The rest of the article refers to a middle-tier server but it's not clear to me what that is.

Author: Added explanation in overview.

>     * Set the application type to **Web** and then set **Redirect URI** to `https://localhost:44355/dialog.html`.

Author: Fixed, thanks for catching this!

    * Choose **Register**.

1. On the **Office-Add-in-NodeJS-SSO-middle-tier** page, copy and save the values for the **Application (client) ID** and the **Directory (tenant) ID**. You'll use both of them in later procedures.

    > [!NOTE]
    > This **Application (client) ID** is the "audience" value when other applications, such as the Office client application (e.g., PowerPoint, Word, Excel), seek authorized access to the application. It is also the "client ID" of the application when it, in turn, seeks authorized access to Microsoft Graph.

> 1. Select **Authentication** under **Manage**. In the **Implicit grant** section, enable the checkboxes for both **Access token** and **ID token**. The sample uses Microsoft Authentication Library (MSAL) for fallback authentication when SSO is not available.

Reviewer: We just say "left pane". Also, be sure that people can't move this pane around! If so, it could be on someone's right.

1. Select **Save** at the top of the form.

1. Select **Certificates & secrets** under **Manage**. Select the **New client secret** button. Enter a value for **Description** then select an appropriate option for **Expires** and choose **Add**.

>     The web application uses the client secret to prove its identity when it requests tokens. *Record this value for use in a later step - it's shown only once.*

Author: added this.

> 1. On the same page, choose the **Grant admin consent for [tenant name]** button, and then select **Yes** for the confirmation that appears.

Author: It is there in your screen shot. :-)

> 1. On the same page, choose the **Grant admin consent for [tenant name]** button, and then select **Yes** for the confirmation that appears.

Reviewer 2: Haha, I see your point. It's not a **button** in my screenshot. For me, the text was greyed out and un-clickable, as if the admin consent had already been granted. So this step was unnecessary. I'm about to test the process again, I'll leave another comment based on that test.

> 1. On the same page, choose the **Grant admin consent for [tenant name]** button, and then select **Yes** for the confirmation that appears.

Reviewer 2: Update: This issue is resolved. My first round of testing was with my Microsoft account, and I was not allowed to grant access with that account. My second round of testing is with a dev test account, and I can grant access.

    ```xml
    <WebApplicationInfo>
      <Id>$middle_tier_application_GUID here$</Id>
      <Resource>api://localhost:44355/$middle_tier_application_GUID here$</Resource>
      <Scopes>
          <Scope>Files.Read.All</Scope>
          <Scope>profile</Scope>
      </Scopes>
    </WebApplicationInfo>
    ```

1. Replace the placeholder "$middle_tier_application_GUID here$" *in both places* in the markup with the Application ID that you copied when you created the **Office-Add-in-NodeJS-SSO-middle-tier** app registration. The "$" symbols are not part of the ID, so do not include them. This is the same ID you used for the CLIENT_ID in the .ENV file.

   > [!NOTE]
   > The **Resource** value is the **Application ID URI** you set when you registered the add-in. The **Scopes** section is used only to generate a consent dialog box if the add-in is sold through AppSource.

1. Open the `\public\javascripts\fallback-msal\authConfig.js` file. In the `loginRequest` scopes, replace the placeholder $middle_tier_application_GUID here$ with the application ID that you saved from the **Office-Add-in-NodeJS-SSO-middle-tier** app registration you created previously.

> 1. In the `msalConfig` declaration, replace the placeholder $fallback_application_GUID_here$ with the application ID that you saved from the **Office-Add-in-NodeJS-Fallback** app registration you created previously.

Reviewer 2: Update: I was following along here https://github.com/OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-samples/blob/davech-fix-nodejs-token/Samples/auth/Office-Add-in-NodeJS-SSO/Complete/public/javascripts/fallback-msal/authConfig.js#L25. Lines 25 and 26 resulted in confusion for me. Recommend combining lines 25 and 26 in the PNP.

A key part of the sample code is the client request. The client request is an object that tracks information about the request for calling REST APIs on the middle-tier server. It's necessary because the client request state needs to be tracked or updated through the following scenarios:

* SSO retries where the REST API call fails because it needs additional consent. The sample code calls getAccessToken with updated Auth options, gets the required user consent, and then calls the REST API again. The goal is to not fail in scenarios where a REST API needs additional consent.
* SSO fails and fallback auth is required. The access token is acquired through MSAL in a popup dialog box. The goal is to not fail in this scenario and gracefully fall back to the alternative auth approach.

The client request object tracks the following data:

* `authOptions` - [Auth configuration parameters](/javascript/api/office/office.authoptions) for SSO.

> * `authSSO` - true if using SSO, otherwise false.

Author: It's not capitalized in JavaScript.

    ```javascript
    showMessage("Switching from SSO to fallback auth.");
    authSSO = false;
    // Create a new request for fallback auth.
    createRequest(clientRequest.url, clientRequest.callbackRESTApiHandler, async (fallbackRequest) => {
      // Hand off to call using fallback auth.
      await callWebServer(fallbackRequest);
    });
    ```

## Code the middle-tier server

The middle-tier server provides REST APIs for the client to call. For example the REST API `/getuserfilenames` will get a list of filenames from the user's OneDrive folder. Each REST API call requires an access token by the client to ensure the correct client is accessing their data. The access token is exchanged for a Microsoft Graph token through the On-Behalf-Of (OBO) flow. The new Microsoft Graph token is cached by the MSAL library for subsequent API calls. It is never sent outside of the middle-tier server. For more information, see [Middle-tier access token request](/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-on-behalf-of-flow#middle-tier-access-token-request)

### Create the route and implement On-Behalf-Of flow

> 1. Open the file `routes\getFilesRoute.js` and replace `TODO 12` with the following code. Note that the code calls `authHelper.validateJwt`. This ensures the access token is valid and has not been tampered with. For more information, see [Validating tokens](/azure/active-directory/develop/access-tokens#validating-tokens).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the file `routes\getFilesRoute.js` and replace `TODO 12` with the following code. About this code, note:
    * It calls `authHelper.validateJwt`. This ensures the access token is valid and hasn't been tampered with. 
    * For more information, see [Validating tokens](/azure/active-directory/develop/access-tokens#validating-tokens).
```
For consistency.

    ```javascript
    router.get("/getuserfilenames", authHelper.validateJwt, async function (req, res) {
    // TODO 13: Exchange the access token for a Microsoft Graph token
    //          by using the OBO flow.
    });
    ```

1. Replace `TODO 13` with the following code. About this code, note:

    * It only requests the minimum scopes it needs, such as `files.read.all`.
    * It uses the MSAL authHelper to perform the OBO flow in the call to `acquireTokenOnBehalfOf`.

    ```javascript
    const authHeader = req.headers.authorization;
    let oboRequest = {
      oboAssertion: authHeader.split(" ")[1],
      scopes: ["files.read.all"],
    };
  
    const cca = authHelper.getConfidentialClientApplication();
    cca
      .acquireTokenOnBehalfOf(oboRequest)
      .then(async (response) => {
        // TODO 14: Call Microsoft Graph to get list of filenames.
      })
      .catch((err) => {
        // TODO 15: Handle any errors.
      });
    ```

1. Replace `TODO 14` with the following code. About this code, note:

>     * It constructs the URL for the Microsoft Graph API call and the makes the call via the `getGraphData` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * It constructs the URL for the Microsoft Graph API call and then makes the call via the `getGraphData` function.
```

    * It returns errors by sending an HTTP 500 response along with details.
    * On success it returns the JSON with the filename list to the client.

    ```javascript
    console.log(response);

    // Minimize the data that must come from MS Graph by specifying only the property we need ("name")
    // and only the top 10 folder or file names.
    const rootUrl = "/me/drive/root/children";

>     // Note that the last parameter, params, is hardcoded. If you reuse this code in

Reviewer: Should code comment this be pulled out and inserted as an Important or Caution alert? People tend to skip code comments when reading.
> [!CAUTION]
> Negative potential consequences of an action.

Author: I added a security note section at bottom of the document (there are several things to mention.)

    ```javascript
    // On rare occasions the SSO access token is unexpired when Office validates it,
    // but expires by the time it is used in the OBO flow. Microsoft identity platform will respond
    // with "The provided value for the 'assertion' is not valid. The assertion has expired."
    // Construct an error message to return to the client so it can refresh the SSO token.
    if (err.errorMessage.indexOf("AADSTS500133") !== -1) {
      res.status(500).send({ type: "AADSTS500133", errorDetails: err });
    } else {
      res.status(500).send({ type: err.errorCode, errorDetails: err });
    }
    ```

The sample must handle both fallback authentication through MSAL and SSO authentication through Office. The sample will try SSO first, and the `authSSO` boolean at the top of the file tracks if the sample is using SSO or has switched to fallback auth.

## Run the project

1. Ensure that you have some files in your OneDrive so that you can verify the results.

1. Open a command prompt in the root of the `\Begin` folder.

> 1. Run the command `npm install` to install all package dependencies.

Author: No, but it doesn't hurt if run again. It's here twice in case someone was following the "complete" path and they might have skipped this step earlier. It just saves getting GitHub issues if someone forgot this step.

## Code the client-side

### Create client request and response handler

1. In your code editor, open the file `public\javascripts\ssoAuthES6.js`. It already has code that ensures that Promises are supported, even in Internet Explorer 11, and an `Office.onReady` call to assign a handler to the add-in's only button.

   > [!NOTE]
   > As the name suggests, the ssoAuthES6.js uses JavaScript ES6 syntax because using `async` and `await` best shows the essential simplicity of the SSO API. When the localhost server is started, this file is transpiled to ES5 syntax so that the sample will run in Internet Explorer 11.

A key part of the sample code is the client request. The client request is an object that tracks information about the request for calling REST APIs on the middle-tier server. It's necessary because the client request state needs to be tracked or updated through the following scenarios:

* SSO retries where the REST API call fails because it needs additional consent. The sample code calls getAccessToken with updated Auth options, gets the required user consent, and then calls the REST API again. The goal is to not fail in scenarios where a REST API needs additional consent.

> * SSO fails and fallback auth is required. The access token is acquired through MSAL in a popup dialog box. The goal is to not fail in this scenario and gracefully fall back to the alternative auth approach.

Reviewer 2: What does MSAL stand for?

1. In the `createRequest` function, replace `TODO 1` with the following code to initialize the client request object:

    ```javascript
    const clientRequest = {
      authOptions: {
        allowSignInPrompt: true,
        allowConsentPrompt: true,
        forMSGraphAccess: true,
      },
      authSSO: authSSO,
      accessToken: null,
      url: url,
      callbackRESTApiHandler: restApiCallback,
      callbackFunction: callbackFunction,
    };
    ```

1. Replace `TODO 2` with the following code. About this code, note:

    * It checks if SSO is being used. The method to acquire the access token is different for SSO than for fallback auth.
    * If SSO returns the access token, it calls the `callbackfunction` function. For fallback auth it calls `dialogFallback`, which will eventually call the callback function after the user signs in through MSAL.

    ```javascript
    // Get access token.
  
    if (authSSO) {
      try {
        // Get access token from Office SSO.
        clientRequest.accessToken = await getAccessTokenFromSSO(clientRequest.authOptions);
        callbackFunction(clientRequest);
      } catch {

>         // use fallback auth if SSO failed to get access token.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        // Use fallback auth if SSO failed to get access token.
```

          if (clientRequest.authSSO) {
            switchToFallbackAuth(clientRequest);
          } else {
            console.log(JSON.stringify(error)); // Log any errors.
            showMessage(error.responseText);
          }
        }
      } else {
        console.log(JSON.stringify(error)); // Log any errors.
        showMessage(error.responseText);
      }
    }
    ```

1. In the `ajaxCallToRESTApi` function, replace `TODO 9` with the following code. About this code, note:

    * The function explicitly rethrows any errors for the caller to handle.

    ```javascript
    try {
      await $.ajax({
        type: "GET",
        url: clientRequest.url,
        headers: { Authorization: "Bearer " + clientRequest.accessToken },
        cache: false,
        success: function (data) {
          result = data;
          // Send result to the callback handler.
          clientRequest.callbackRESTApiHandler(result);
        },
      });
    } catch (error) {
      // This function explicitly requires the caller to handle any errors
      throw error;
    }
    ```

1. In the `handleWebServerErrors` function, replace `TODO 10` with the following code. About this code, note:

>     * The error is returned by the middle tier server which will indicate the type of error to make it easier to handle here.

Reviewer 2: Sometimes "middle-tier server" has a dash when and other times it doesn't. Could it be consistent? Always one way or the other way 
```suggestion
    * The error is returned by the middle-tier server which will indicate the type of error to make it easier to handle here.
```

    * For the **AADSTS500133** error, return true so the caller knows the token expired and should get a new one.
    * For all other messages, show the message on the task pane.

    ```javascript
    let returnValue = false;
    // Our web server returns a type to help handle the known cases.
    switch (err.responseJSON.type) {
      case "Microsoft Graph":
        // An error occurred when the web server called Microsoft Graph.
        showMessage("Error from Microsoft Graph: " + JSON.stringify(err.responseJSON.errorDetails));
        returnValue = false;
        break;
      case "AADSTS500133": // expired token
        // On rare occasions the access token could expire after it was sent to the server.
        // Microsoft identity platform will respond with
        // "The provided value for the 'assertion' is not valid. The assertion has expired."
        // Return true to indicate to caller they should refresh the token.
        returnValue = true;
        break;
      default:
        showMessage("Unknown error from web server: " + JSON.stringify(err.responseJSON.errorDetails));
        returnValue = false;
    }
    return returnValue;
    ```

> Fallback auth will use the MSAL library to sign in the user. The add-in itself is an SPA, and uses an SPA app registration to access the middle-tier server.

Author: Fixed

   > [!NOTE]
   > As the name suggests, the ssoAuthES6.js uses JavaScript ES6 syntax because using `async` and `await` best shows the essential simplicity of the SSO API. When the localhost server is started, this file is transpiled to ES5 syntax so that the sample will support Internet Explorer 11.

A key part of the sample code is the client request. The client request is an object that tracks information about the request for calling REST APIs on the middle-tier server. It's necessary because the client request state needs to be tracked or updated through the following scenarios:

- SSO retries where the REST API call fails because it needs additional consent. The sample code calls `getAccessToken` with updated authentication options, gets the required user consent, and then calls the REST API again. The goal is to not fail in scenarios where a REST API needs additional consent.
- SSO fails and fallback authentication is required. The access token is acquired through MSAL in a pop-up dialog box. The goal is to not fail in this scenario and gracefully fall back to the alternative authentication approach.

> The client request object tracks the following data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The client request object tracks the following data.
```

> - `authOptions` - [Auth configuration parameters](/javascript/api/office/office.authoptions) for SSO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `authOptions` - [Auth configuration parameters](/javascript/api/office/office.authoptions) for SSO
```

> - `authSSO` - true if using SSO, otherwise false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `authSSO` - TRUE if using SSO, otherwise FALSE
```

> - `accessToken` - The access token to the middle-tier server. The method to obtain this token is different for SSO than fallback auth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `accessToken` - The access token to the middle-tier server
```
This is repeated below the code sample so it's redundant here. Also, msft voice + style says to skip end punctuation  on lists so this is more consistent with the rest of the list.

> - `url` - The URL of the REST API to call on the middle-tier server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `url` - The URL of the REST API to call on the middle-tier server
```

> - `callbackHandler` - The function to pass the results of the REST API call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `callbackHandler` - The function to pass the results of the REST API call
```

> - `callbackFunction` - The function to pass the client request to when ready.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `callbackFunction` - The function to pass the client request to when ready
```

   - It checks if SSO is being used. The method to acquire the access token is different for SSO than for fallback auth.
   - If SSO returns the access token, it calls the `callbackfunction` function. For fallback authentication it calls `dialogFallback`, which will eventually call the callback function after the user signs in through MSAL.

   ```javascript
   // Get access token.

   if (authSSO) {
     try {
       // Get access token from Office SSO.
       clientRequest.accessToken = await getAccessTokenFromSSO(
         clientRequest.authOptions
       );
       callbackFunction(clientRequest);
     } catch {
       // use fallback authentication if SSO failed to get access token.
       switchToFallbackAuth(clientRequest);
     }
   } else {
     // Use fallback authentication to get access token.
     dialogFallback(clientRequest);
   }
   ```

1. In the `getFileNameList` function, replace `TODO 3` with the following code. About this code, note:

   - The function `getFileNameList` is called when the user chooses the **Get OneDrive File Names** button on the task pane.
   - It creates a client request to track information about the call, such as the URL of the REST API.

>    - When the REST API returns a result, it's passed to the `handleGetFileNameResponse` function. This callback is passed as a parameter to `createRequest` and will be tracked in `clientRequest.callbackRESTApiHandler`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - When the REST API returns a result, it's passed to the `handleGetFileNameResponse` function. This callback is passed as a parameter to `createRequest` and is tracked in `clientRequest.callbackRESTApiHandler`.
```

     );
     break;
   case 13002:
     // The user aborted the consent prompt. If the add-in cannot be effectively used when consent
     // has not been granted, then the first call of getAccessToken should pass the `allowConsentPrompt: true` option.
     showMessage(
       "You can use many of the add-ins functions even though you have not granted consent. If you want to grant consent, press the Get OneDrive File Names button again."
     );
     break;
   case 13006:
     // Only seen in Office on the web.
     showMessage(
       "Office on the web is experiencing a problem. Please sign out of Office, close the browser, and then start again."
     );
     break;
   case 13008:
     // Only seen in Office on the web.
     showMessage(
       "Office is still working on the last operation. When it completes, try this operation again."
     );
     break;
   case 13010:
     // Only seen in Office on the web.
       showMessage(
         "Follow the instructions to change your browser's zone configuration."
       );
       break;
   ```

> 1. Replace `TODO 7` with the following code. For more information about these errors, see [Troubleshoot SSO in Office Add-ins](troubleshoot-sso-in-office-add-ins.md). For any errors that can't be handled `true` is returned to the caller. This indicates the caller should switch to using MSAL as fallback auth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Replace `TODO 7` with the following code. For more information about these errors, see [Troubleshoot SSO in Office Add-ins](troubleshoot-sso-in-office-add-ins.md). For any errors that can't be handled `TRUE` is returned to the caller. This indicates the caller should switch to using MSAL as fallback auth.
```
TRUE and FALSE should be capitalized when referred to as arguments in your copy. OK to leave lowercase in code samples. This is for accessibility and ease of reading.

Author: Based on offline conversation we'll keep using the JS syntax.

           return;
         }
       }
     } else {
       console.log(JSON.stringify(error)); // Log any errors.
       showMessage(error.responseText);
     }
   }
   ```

1. In the `ajaxCallToRESTApi` function, replace `TODO 9` with the following code. About this code, note:

   - The function explicitly rethrows any errors for the caller to handle.

   ```javascript
   try {
     await $.ajax({
       type: "GET",
       url: clientRequest.url,
       headers: { Authorization: "Bearer " + clientRequest.accessToken },
       cache: false,
       success: function (data) {
         result = data;
         // Send result to the callback handler.
         clientRequest.callbackRESTApiHandler(result);
       },
     });
   } catch (error) {
     // This function explicitly requires the caller to handle any errors
     throw error;
   }
   ```

1. In the `handleWebServerErrors` function, replace `TODO 10` with the following code. About this code, note:

   - The error is returned by the middle-tier server which will indicate the type of error to make it easier to handle here.
   - For **Microsoft Graph** errors, show the message on the task pane.

>    - For the **AADSTS500133** error, return true so the caller knows the token expired and should get a new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - For the **AADSTS500133** error, return TRUE so the caller knows the token expired and should get a new one.
```

           JSON.stringify(err.responseJSON.errorDetails)
       );
       retryCall = false;
       if (clientRequest.authSSO) switchToFallbackAuth(clientRequest);
   }
   return retryCall;
   ```

Fallback authentication will use the MSAL library to sign in the user. The add-in itself is an SPA, and uses an SPA app registration to access the middle-tier server.

1. In the `switchToFallbackAuth` function, replace `TODO 11` with the following code. About this code, note:

   - It sets the global `authSSO` to false, and creates a new client request that uses MSAL for auth. The new request will have an MSAL access token to the middle-tier server.
   - Once the request is created it calls `callWebServer` to continue attempting to call the middle-tier server successfully.

   ```javascript
   showMessage("Switching from SSO to fallback auth.");
   authSSO = false;
   // Create a new request for fallback auth.
   createRequest(
     clientRequest.url,
     clientRequest.callbackRESTApiHandler,
     async (fallbackRequest) => {
       // Hand off to call using fallback auth.
       await callWebServer(fallbackRequest);
     }
   );
   ```

## Code the middle-tier server

> The middle-tier server provides REST APIs for the client to call. For example, the REST API `/getuserfilenames` will get a list of filenames from the user's OneDrive folder. Each REST API call requires an access token by the client to ensure the correct client is accessing their data. The access token is exchanged for a Microsoft Graph token through the On-Behalf-Of flow (OBO). The new Microsoft Graph token is cached by the MSAL library for subsequent API calls. It is never sent outside of the middle-tier server. For more information, see [Middle-tier access token request](/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-on-behalf-of-flow#middle-tier-access-token-request)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The middle-tier server provides REST APIs for the client to call. For example, the REST API `/getuserfilenames` gets a list of filenames from the user's OneDrive folder. Each REST API call requires an access token by the client to ensure the correct client is accessing their data. The access token is exchanged for a Microsoft Graph token through the On-Behalf-Of flow (OBO). The new Microsoft Graph token is cached by the MSAL library for subsequent API calls. It's never sent outside of the middle-tier server. For more information, see [Middle-tier access token request](/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-on-behalf-of-flow#middle-tier-access-token-request)
```

> 1. Click the **Get OneDrive File Names** button. If you are logged into Office with either a Microsoft 365 Education or work account, or a Microsoft account, and SSO is working as expected, the first 10 file and folder names in your OneDrive for Business are inserted into the document. (It may take as much as 15 seconds the first time.) If you are not logged in, or you are in a scenario that does not support SSO, or SSO is not working for any reason, you will be prompted to sign in. After you sign in, the file and folder names appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the **Get OneDrive File Names** button. If you're logged into Office with either a Microsoft 365 Education or work account, or a Microsoft account, and SSO is working as expected the first 10 file and folder names in your OneDrive for Business are inserted into the document. (It may take as much as 15 seconds the first time.) If you're not logged in, or you're in a scenario that doesn't support SSO, or SSO isn't working for any reason, you'll be prompted to sign in. After you sign in, the file and folder names appear.
```

> [!NOTE]
> If you were previously signed into Office with a different ID, and some Office applications that were open at the time are still open, Office may not reliably change your ID even if it appears to have done so. If this happens, the call to Microsoft Graph may fail or data from the previous ID may be returned. To prevent this, be sure to _close all other Office applications_ before you press **Get OneDrive File Names**.

## Security notes

> * The `/getuserfilenames` route in `getFilesroute.js` uses a literal string to compose the call for Microsoft Graph. If you change the call such that any part of the string comes from user input, sanitize the input so that it cannot be used in a Response header injection attack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `/getuserfilenames` route in `getFilesroute.js` uses a literal string to compose the call for Microsoft Graph. If you change the call so that any part of the string comes from user input, sanitize the input so that it cannot be used in a Response header injection attack.
```
